# battleships-techtest-ruby

To set up game, player will need to;
open irb and require './lib/battleships.rb'
and then create a new game using 'game = Game.new'

You will then see a grid of dots that make up your board
the indexes of these dots will be as follows

use battleships.place_ship_horizontal(index) to place a ship horizontally.
Pass in the index where you want to place the ship. The ship will be 3 cells long and will
be placed in your index and the two cells to the left, so be careful not to overlap

use battleships.place_ship_vertically(index) to place a ship vertically.
Pass in the index where you want to place the ship. The ship will be 3 cells long and will
be placed in your index and the two cells below it, so be careful not to overlap

use battleships.attach(index) to attack the board
game will let you know if you HIT!! or MISSED!!
https://github.com/gijoeuk/battleships-techtest-ruby.git

As a player
So that I can amuse myself
I would like to start a 10x10 game of battleships.

As a player
So that I can understand what's going on
I would like to be able to see the current state of the game.

As a player
So that I can prepare for the game
I would like to be able to place a ship of size: [3] in my game.

As a player
So that I can lay my ship out properly
I would like to place a ship either horizontally or vertically.

As a player
So that I can have a coherent game
I would like my ship to be constrained to be on the board

As a player
So that I can play the game
I would like to be able to fire at the board and know whether it's a hit or a miss.

As a player
So that I can refine my strategy
I would like to know when I have sunk a ship.

So...
1 need to create a 10x10 grid
2 need ability to send get requests to see that state of the game using erb :board DONE
3 need ability to send post requests to position my ship (3 squares long), need all possible      combinations for this
4 need horizontal and vertical options for this- will need seperate methods
5 need to raise error message if player tries to use 3 invalid squares or tries to place ship outside of the board
6 need to be able to target squares and know if that is a 'hit' or 'miss'
7 know when a ship has been sunk

potential classes and methods;
player
  -check score/see grid
  -place ship on grid
  -attack a given square
ship
need game logic- more importantly

game
  -
